<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Bibliography - Curls &amp; Contemplation</title>
<meta content="Comprehensive bibliography and recommended reading for conscious hairstylists. Featuring transformative books by Brené Brown, Julia Cameron, and other influential authors in personal development." name="description"/>
<meta content="hairstylist bibliography, recommended reading, Brené Brown, Julia Cameron, personal development books, transformative literature, mindfulness resources" name="keywords"/>


<link href="fonts.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/><link href="style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/></head>
<body><p># Bibliography

Allen, T. D., L. T. Eby, M. L. Poteet, E. Lentz, and L. Lima. "Career Benefits Associated with Mentoring for Protégés: A Meta‑Analysis." *Journal of Applied Psychology*, 2004. https://psycnet.apa.org/fulltext/2004-15660-007.html.

Allure. "The Secret Behind Rihanna's Iconic Hairstyles: Meet Ursula Stephen." *Allure*, April 18, 2017. https://www.allure.com/story/ursula-stephen-hairstylist-rihanna.

Allure. "Kim Kimble: Celebrating Natural Hair." 2018. https://www.allure.com/story/kim-kimble-interview.

Allure. "Jen Atkin: From Couch to Celebrity." 2019. https://www.allure.com/story/jen-atkin-profile.

American Association of Cosmetology Schools. "Innovative Training for Diverse Hair Types." 2019. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.aacs.org/initiatives/diverse-hair-training.

American College of Sports Medicine. "Benefits of Stretching and Strength Training." 2021. https://www.acsm.org.

American Psychological Association. "The Importance of Setting Boundaries for Mental Health." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.apa.org.

American Psychological Association. "Building Resilience: How to Bounce Back." 2019. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.apa.org/topics/resilience.

American Salon. "Career Development for Hairstylists." 2021. https://www.americansalon.com/career-development.

American Salon. "Jayne Matthews on Small-Group Networking." n.d. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.americansalon.com.

American Salon. "How to Prepare for a Master Portfolio Review." 2022. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.americansalon.com.

Atkin, Jennifer. *Blowing My Way to the Top: How to Break the Rules, Find Your Purpose, and Create the Life and Career You Deserve*. New York: Harper Wave, 2020.

Aveda. "Aveda Education." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.aveda.com/education.

Aveda Institutes. "Curriculum Overview: Textured Hair and Product Science." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.avedainstitutes.edu/programs/textured-hair.

Bandura, Albert. *Self‑Efficacy: The Exercise of Control*. New York: Worth Publishers, 1997. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.uky.edu/~eushe2/Bandura/Bandura1997EP.pdf.

Beauty Innovation Institute. "Getting Started with AI in Beauty: A Beginner's Guide." 2022. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.beautyinnovation.org.

BeautyTech Review. "Bread Beauty Supply: From Kitchen Startup to Eco‑Conscious Powerhouse." June 15, 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.beautytechreview.com/bread-beauty-supply-eco.

Behind the Chair. "The Benefits of Shadowing in Hairstyling." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.behindthechair.com.

Behind the Chair. "Mentorship in Freelance Hairstyling: Success Stories." 2018. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.behindthechair.com.

Breslin, Marquetta. "Building a Thriving Lace Wig Business." *WWD*, 2018. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://wwd.com/beauty-industry-news/hair/marquetta-breslin-profile.

Bundles, A'Lelia. *On Her Own Ground: The Life and Times of Madam C.J. Walker*. New York: Alfred A. Knopf, 2001.

Byrdie. "An Interview with Celebrity Hairstylist Kim Kimble." *Byrdie*, 2017. https://www.byrdie.com/kim-kimble-interview.

Cash, Thomas F., and T. A. Pruzinsky. "The Role of Physical Appearance in Shaping Self‑Perception: Implications for Mental Health." *Psychology and Health* (2002).

Christensen, Clayton M. *The Innovator's Dilemma: When New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail*. Boston: Harvard Business Review Press, 1997.

Coffey, Tabatha. *It's Not Really About the Hair*. New York: Penguin Group, 2006.

CROWN Coalition, The. "About the CROWN Act." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.thecrowncoalition.org/about.

Cutting, Paul, Richard Ross, and Robert Hill. *Hairdressing: Theory, Science and Practice*. Reading, MA: Addison-Wesley, 1988.

DevaCurl. "DevaCut Training Program." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.devacurl.com/professionals/devacut.

Diversity in Design Magazine. "Inclusive Salon Design: Celebrating Diversity Through Décor." October 5, 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.diversityindesignmag.com/inclusive-salon-design.

Doran, George T. "There's a S.M.A.R.T. Way to Write Management's Goals and Objectives." *Management Review* 70, no. 11 (1981): 35–36.

Dweck, Carol S. *Mindset: The New Psychology of Success*. New York: Random House, 2006. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.mindsetworks.com.

Dyson. "Dyson Supersonic Hair Dryer." 2023. https://www.dyson.com/hair-care/dyson-supersonic.

Dyson, James. "How Olaplex Revolutionized Hair Repair." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.olahpex.com.

EcoTools. "Our Commitment to Sustainability." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.ecotools.com/sustainability.

Entrepreneur. "Time Management Tips for Busy Professionals." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.entrepreneur.com.

Escandon, G. "How Vernon François Went From Braiding Mops to Brand Founder." *Modern Salon*, May 25, 2021. https://www.modernsalon.com/article/121820/how-vernon-francois-went-from-braiding-mops-to-brand-founder.

Essence. "Ursula Stephen on Networking at New York Fashion Week." 2019. https://www.essence.com/style/ursula-stephen.

Essence. "How Independent Stylists Are Changing the Game." 2019. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.essence.com.

Ess, Kristin. "Beauty Independent Interview: Kristin Ess on Digital Networking." 2019. https://www.beautyindependent.com/kristin-ess-interview.

Estée Lauder Companies. "Harnessing AI for Demand Forecasting." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.elcompanies.com/en/news-and-media.

European Hair Professionals. "The Hair Has No Gender Project: Fostering Inclusive Beauty." 2020. https://www.europeanhairpro.com/HHNG.

Farr, Liz. *Hairdressing Design: A Salon Handbook*. New York: Delmar Cengage Learning, 2012.

Forbes. "The Power of Strategic Partnerships in Business Growth." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.forbes.com.

Forbes. "How to Measure the ROI of Continuing Education." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.forbes.com.

Forbes. "How Miko Branch Built Miss Jessie's Into an Iconic Beauty Brand." May 1, 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinesscouncil/2020/05/01/how-miko-branch-built-miss-jessies-into-an-iconic-beauty-brand/.

FreshBooks. "Why Cloud Accounting is Essential for Freelancers." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.freshbooks.com/en-gb/cloud-accounting.

Freelancers Union. "Health Insurance Options for Freelancers." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.freelancersunion.org.

Gibson, Ted. "Behind the Chair Interview: Ted Gibson on Networking." 2018. https://behindthechair.com/interview/ted-gibson.

Goldstein, Daniel. "The Extended Mind in Creative Practice: How Tools Become Extensions of Ourselves." *Creativity Research Journal*. 2021. https://www.creativityresearchjournal.org/extended-mind.

Goleman, Daniel. *Working with Emotional Intelligence*. New York: Bantam Books, 1998.

Granovetter, Mark. "The Strength of Weak Ties." *American Journal of Sociology* 79, no. 6 (1973): 1360–1380. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.jstor.org/stable/2776392.

Green Circle Salons. "Sustainable Beauty: Recycling in Salons." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.greencirclesalons.com.

Greener Salon &amp; Spa. "Our Sustainability Journey." 2022. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.greensalonsa.com/sustainability.

Hairbrained. "Hairbrained Mentorship Program." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.hairbrained.me.

Hairstyle Authority. "Low‑Tension Protective Styles for Natural Hair." 2018. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.hairstyleauthority.com/low-tension-protective-styles.

Hairstylist Insider. "Johnny Wright: From Celebrity Cuts to Innovative Products." August 15, 2019. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.hairstylistinsider.com/johnny-wright-celebrity-innovator.

Hairstylist Today. "How MoKnowsHair Leveraged Digital Platforms for Growth." March 10, 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.hairstylisttoday.com/moknowshair-digital-growth.

Hairstylist Today. "Niche Marketing for Texture Specialists." May 10, 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.hairstylisttoday.com/niche-marketing-texture.

Harper's Bazaar. "Guido Palau: The Man Behind the Modern Look." 2014. https://www.harpersbazaar.com/beauty/hair.

Harper's Bazaar. "Vernon François: Redefining Beauty Standards." 2021. https://www.harpersbazaar.com/beauty/hair.

Harper's Bazaar. "Vernon François: Championing Textured Hair." 2021. https://www.harpersbazaar.com/beauty/hair.

Harvard Business Review. "The Value of Peer Feedback in Professional Development." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://hbr.org.

Harvard Business Review. "How Interactive Engagement Drives Customer Loyalty." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://hbr.org.

Harvard Business Review. "The Power of Small Leadership Acts." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://hbr.org.

Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health. "The Nutrition Source." 2022. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/nutritionsource.

Healthline. "Quick Self‑Care Tips." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.healthline.com.

Holy Bible, The. New International Version. 2011. Ecclesiastes 4:9. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ecclesiastes+4%3A9.

Holy Bible, The. New International Version. 2011. Proverbs 22:1. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Proverbs+22%3A1.

Holy Bible, The. New International Version. 2011. Proverbs 27:17. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Proverbs+27%3A17.

Holy Bible, The. New International Version. 2011. Psalm 78:72. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm+78%3A72.

Hootsuite. "Social Media Marketing Best Practices." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://hootsuite.com/resources/social-media-marketing.

Hootsuite. "The State of Digital Marketing." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.hootsuite.com/resources.

HubSpot. "Marketing Automation Essentials." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.hubspot.com.

Intuit. "QuickBooks Online." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://quickbooks.intuit.com.

Intuit. "QuickBooks Online." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://quickbooks.intuit.com/freelancers.

Journal of Environmental Psychology. "The Impact of Sensory‑Aware Design on Customer Experience." 2019. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.journalofenvironmentalpsychology.com/sensory-design.

Journal of Ethnic Studies. "Traditional Hairstyling Techniques and Cultural Significance." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.jes.org.

Kabat‑Zinn, Jon. *Full Catastrophe Living: Using the Wisdom of Your Body and Mind to Face Stress, Pain, and Illness*. Delta, 1990.

Keller, Kevin Lane. *Strategic Brand Management*. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall, 2003.

Kram, Kathy E. *Mentoring at Work: Developmental Relationships in Organizational Life*. Glenview, IL: Scott, Foresman, 1985.

Lafond, Naeemah. "Inside Amika: Naeemah Lafond's Vision." *Modern Salon*, 2019. https://www.modernsalon.com/article/naeemah-lafond.

LinkedIn Learning. "How to Evaluate Online Courses." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.linkedin.com/learning.

L'Oréal. "The Role of AI in Modern Beauty." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.loreal.com/en/innovation/ai-beauty.

L'Oréal. "Revolutionizing Beauty: AI‑Driven Product Innovation." *Harvard Business Review*, June 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://hbr.org/2020/06/ai-in-beauty.

McKinsey &amp; Company. "The Beauty Industry in the Age of COVID‑19." 2020. https://www.mckinsey.com/industries/beauty.

Mensah, Charlotte. *Good Hair*. 2020. https://www.goodhairbook.com.

Mercer, Kobena. *Welcome to the Jungle: New Positions in Black Cultural Studies*. London: Routledge, 1994.

Metropolitan Museum of Art, The. "Hair and Wigs in Ancient Egypt." Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.metmuseum.org/toah/hd/hair/hd_hair.htm.

Mielle Organics. "Our Story: Celebrating Natural Beauty." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.mielleorganics.com.

Mielle Organics. "Our Product Philosophy: Moisture &amp; Healing." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.mielleorganics.com/our-story.

Modern Salon. "Pricing Guide for Professional Hair Tools." 2021. https://www.modernsalon.com/pricing-guide.

Modern Salon. "Nick Stenson's Suburban Networking Strategies." 2020. https://www.modernsalon.com/article/2020/06/nick-stenson.

Modern Salon. "Revenue Diversification Strategies for Freelancers." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.modernsalon.com/revenue-diversification.

Modern Salon. "Tabatha Takes Over: How Self‑Care Powers High‑Profile Stylists." November 20, 2015. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.modernsalon.com/tabatha-takes-over-self-care.

ModiFace. "Augmented Reality in Beauty: Transforming Client Consultations." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.modiface.com.

NAHA. "North American Hairstyling Awards." 2022. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.nahaawards.com.

National Institutes of Health. "Hair Biology: Cultural and Genetic Diversity in Hair Structure." 2018. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.nih.gov/hair-biology.

Naturtint. "Naturtint: Natural Hair Color Solutions." 2022. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.naturtint.com/about-sustainability.

NaturallyCurly. "Curl Typing System." n.d. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.naturallycurly.com/curltyping.

Nelms, Nikki. "Transparency in Beauty: How Clear Pricing Builds Trust." *Modern Salon*, November 20, 2019. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.modernsalon.com/transparency-in-beauty-nikki-nelms.

New York Times, The. "Redefining Beauty: The Rise of Natural Hair." April 15, 2018. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.nytimes.com/2018/04/15/style/natural-hair-beauty.

Nielsen. "Global Trust in Advertising Report." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.nielsen.com/us/en/insights/report/2021/global-trust-in-advertising/.

Ouidad. "The Carve and Slice Technique." 2017. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.ouidad.com/professionals/curl-cutting.

Palau, Guido. *Hair: Guido*. New York: Rizzoli International Publications, 2013.

Perfect Corp. "How AR is Revolutionizing Beauty Consultations." 2022. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.perfectcorp.com/ar-beauty.

Professional Beauty Association. "Interview with Mark Townsend on Introvert Networking." n.d. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.probeauty.org.

Project Management Institute. *A Guide to the Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK® Guide)*. Newtown Square, PA: Project Management Institute, 2017.

Ragins, Bernard R., and K. E. Kram, eds. *The Handbook of Mentoring at Work: Theory, Research, and Practice*. Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage Publications, 2007.

Reyes, Marco. "Editorial Profile: Marco Reyes on Mentorship in High‑Fashion Hair." *WWD*, 2018. https://wwd.com/beauty-industry-news/hair/marco-reyes-profile.

Salesforce. "Salesforce CRM for Small Businesses." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.salesforce.com.

Salon Business Journal. "Cost Efficiency in Salon Equipment: A Comparative Analysis." 2022. https://www.salonbusinessjournal.com/cost-efficiency.

Salon Business Journal. "Economic Resilience Strategies for Hairstylists." 2022. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.salonbusinessjournal.com.

Salon Today. "Building Your Signature Style: Post‑Mentorship Strategies." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.salontoday.com.

Salon Today. "The Rise of Freelance Hairstylists." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.salontoday.com.

Sassoon, Vidal, and Michael O'Donnell. *Vidal: The Autobiography*. New York: Macmillan, 2010.

Senge, Peter M. *The Fifth Discipline: The Art &amp; Practice of The Learning Organization*. New York: Doubleday, 1990.

Sinek, Simon. *Start With Why: How Great Leaders Inspire Everyone to Take Action*. New York: Portfolio, 2009. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.startwithwhy.com.

T3 Micro. "Innovative Hair Styling Tools." 2023. https://www.t3micro.com/hair.

TextureTalk. "Inclusion in Cosmetology: The Need for Textured Hair Education." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.texturetalk.com/inclusion-cosmetology.

TextureMedia. "Professional Education for Textured Hair." n.d. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.texturemedia.com/education.

Thomas, D. "Ted Gibson's Journey of Empowering Clients Through Hairstyling." *Essence*, June 20, 2019. https://www.essence.com.

U.S. Chamber of Commerce. "Community Education Opportunities." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.uschamber.com.

U.S. Financial Literacy and Education Commission. "Financial Wellness and the Importance of an Emergency Fund." 2016. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://home.treasury.gov/policy-issues/financial-markets-financial-institutions-and-fiscal-service.

U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration. "Salon Safety and Sanitation Guidelines." 2020. https://www.osha.gov/salon-safety.

U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration. "Ergonomics in the Workplace." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.osha.gov/ergonomics.

U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration. "Ergonomics for Hairdressers." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.osha.gov/ergonomics/hairdressers.

Umberson, Debra, and Jennifer K. Montez. "Social Relationships and Health: A Flashpoint for Health Policy." *Journal of Health and Social Behavior* 51, suppl. (2010): S54–S66. https://doi.org/10.1177/0022146510383501.

UNESCO. "Cultural Heritage and Traditional Skills." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.unesco.org.

United States Environmental Protection Agency. "Sustainable Management in Service Industries." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.epa.gov/smm.

Vogue. "Chris Appleton on the Art of Celebrity Hairstyling." 2020. https://www.vogue.com/article/chris-appleton-interview.

Vogue. "How Celebrity Stylists Pivoted During the Pandemic." 2020. https://www.vogue.com/article/celebrity-stylists-pandemic.

Vogue. "Tokyo Stylez: The Journey of a Self-Taught Stylist." 2019. https://www.vogue.com/article/tokyo-stylez-interview.

Vogue. "How Top Stylists Mentor the Next Generation." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.vogue.com/article/top-stylist-mentorship.

Vogue Business. "The Lip Bar: Redefining Beauty Through Sustainability." May 1, 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.voguebusiness.com/beauty/the-lip-bar.

Wella Professionals. "Trade Show Education: Strategies for Maximizing Value." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.wella.com.

Williams, Yusef. "Profile: Yusef Williams on Creative Mentorship." *Vogue*, 2020. https://www.vogue.com/article/yusef-williams-interview.

YouTube. "Educational Channels for Hairstylists." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.youtube.com.
</p>
</body>
</html>
